feat: support review deep-tier overrides (#185)
howarewoo/monorepo-template: skills/woostack-review/prompts/anthropic.md

```

Resolution rule per spawn:
1. Determine effective tier.
2. Look up the Anthropic column in the tier table above.

> 3. **Per-repo override**: check `$OUTDIR/config.json` for `models.anthropic.<effective_tier>`, then flat `models.<effective_tier>` (e.g. `jq -r '.models.anthropic.standard // .models.standard // empty' $OUTDIR/config.json`). If non-empty, use that slug instead of the table value.

Author: **anthropic.md: jq example hardcodes `standard` despite effective_tier prose**

The newly-added line 70 updates the prose to reference `models.anthropic.<effective_tier>` and `models.<effective_tier>`, but its inline jq example still hardcodes `.models.anthropic.standard // .models.standard`. When `FORCE_TIER=fast` or `FORCE_TIER=deep`, an agent following this example will query the wrong config key (always `standard`) and silently fall back to the table default instead of the operator-supplied fast or deep override. OpenAI's equivalent in `openai.md` correctly qualifies the example with "e.g. when `run_tier=deep`"; anthropic.md does not.

Fix: Change the jq example to show the effective-tier pattern, matching openai.md. For example: `jq -r '.models.anthropic.deep // .models.deep // empty' $OUTDIR/config.json` (shown for `run_tier=deep`), making clear the tier key is dynamic.

```suggestion
3. **Per-repo override**: check `$OUTDIR/config.json` for `models.anthropic.<effective_tier>`, then flat `models.<effective_tier>` (e.g. when `run_tier=deep`: `jq -r '.models.anthropic.deep // .models.deep // empty' $OUTDIR/config.json`). If non-empty, use that slug instead of the table value.
```

<sub>— <strong>HIGH · BLOCKING</strong> · flagged by the <code>docs</code> agent</sub>

Author: Fixed in 295e288 — the jq example now shows the dynamic tier (`e.g. when run_tier=deep: jq -r '.models.anthropic.deep // .models.deep // empty'`), matching openai.md, so the example no longer hardcodes `standard` against the `<effective_tier>` prose.
